docs: stableswap scaling factor (#5319)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: x/gamm/pool-models/stableswap/README.md

### Scaling factor handling

Scaling factors are the stableswap analogue of asset weights in the pool, meaning that changing them affects
the way that assets are valued in the pool. We added the ability for a governor to change these values in
the rare case where the assets are not pegged to a specific ratio of each other but are instead varying in
some predictable way (e.g. non-rebasing LSTs, which get more valuable relative to their base asset, meaning
that having fixed scaling factors eventually keeps the pool "stable" around the wrong price)

> It should be relatively infrequent but scaling factors can be changed whenever the scaling factor governor wants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be relatively infrequent in practice, scaling factors can be changed on demand by the scaling factor governor.
```

(by default, pools should not have a governor set, as for most use cases like stablecoin to stablecoin pools, a
single fixed ratio of assets (e.g. 1:1) is sufficient)

For stablecoin pools, they should be even amounts. For other ratios, TODO: add more details here

In terms of impermanent loss, it changes the price of the assets, so it depends on when the LP joined.

> It does not necessarily increase IL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not necessarily increase IL, which would depend entirely on the direction of the price change relative to the LP's original entry.
```

Technically you can change scaling factors in both directions but the use cases for needing this are sparse.

We don't currently have rate limits for scaling factor changes. Again, majority of pools should not have a governor,
and for pools that do, LPs should be informed of the risks.

> Scaling factors help to set the expected price ratio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaling factors help to set the expected price ratio.

```
